-----------------------------------------------
Author Information
-----------------------------------------------
Name: Caroline Requierme in conjunction with Dr. Donald House
Email: crequie@clemson.edu, dhouse@clemson.edu
Institution: Clemson University, Digital Production Arts
Date produced: September 23, 2018
Version: 01

-----------------------------------------------
Included files:
-----------------------------------------------
particle_system.cpp
Camera.h
Camera.cpp
Utility.h
Utility.cpp
Vector.h
Vector.cpp
Model.h
Model.cpp
View.h
View.cpp
Particle.h
Particle.cpp
ParticleList.h
ParticleList.cpp
ParticleGenerator.h
ParticleGenerator.cpp

-----------------------------------------------
Description
-----------------------------------------------
This C++/GLUT program implements a basic, animated particle system. Due
to efficiency concerns, this program does not easily take parameters from
the user, but these parameters may be changed within the code.

The program utilizes a Model-View-Controller software architecture, where
the Model defines the simulation itself, the View uses GLUT to view the scene,
and the controller defines keypresses and other callbacks. 

In addition to the Model and View classes, this program makes use of several
classes specifically tailored for use by particle systems:

Particle
---------
Particle is a C++ class object constructed to hold the
attributes of a particle generated by a particle system.
In the system, a ParticleGenerator is responsible for
initializing these Particle objects with randomized values.
Particle attributes are later accessed by the View to 
represent the particles in the scene as GL_POINTS. 

ParticleList
------------
ParticleList contains the data structures necessary to
hold and access all of the particles in the particle system.
Because of the large number of particles that may be generated
with any given system, it is important to allocate space for
the particles statically and efficiently (only once at the
beginning of the simulation). In addition, particles need to be
activated and deactivated when they are no longer contributing to 
the scene in order to increase performance efficiency.

ParticleGenerator
-----------------
In the particle system, the ParticleGenerator is responsible
for adding new particles to the scene and initializing them
with randomized attributes. A systen may have multiple 
ParticleGenerators and these generators come in a number of
common forms including spheres, points, and disks. A 
ParticleGenerator is not rendered in the scene, but does 
determine where and how the particles move throughout the scene.
Implemeted here is a spherical ParticleGenerator with particles
being generated at the surface of the sphere.

-----------------------------------------------
Instructions for Use
-----------------------------------------------
 After compiling, initialize in terminal with ./particle_system.cpp

 Keyboard keypresses have the following effects:
   s: start the particle system simulation
   k: toggle key light on and off
   f: toggle fill light on and off
   r: toggle back (rim) light on and off
   g: toggle window background color between grey and black
   i: reinitialize (reset program to initial default state)
   q or Esc: quit 

-----------------------------------------------
Known Issues
-----------------------------------------------
There are several large known issues in this code.
For one, I have not yet been able to handle collisions 
because of the problem listed here:

Between the start and stop times of the generator, the same
particles are repeatedly generated in new positions. While the
program is meant to let those continue updating based on physics,
for some reason they are regenerated until the generator stops.
I have examined my code that generates particles and 
deactivated them, and realized that no particles have time to
be deactivated, because they keep being regenerated.
This also has something to do with the fact that repeated indexes
keep ending up in the inactive stack. For now, there is a 
hack (inStack) that must be kept there or the system will
end in a segmentation fault.

I also had errors when trying to overload the default constructor,
and had to keep those in.

Overall, I have had a significantly difficult time with this
program and I hope to fix this and my understanding of the particle system.

